Let's talk about the Web UI. Kubernetes comes with a Web UI
you can use instead of the "kubectl" commands.
You can use it to get an overview of running applications on a cluster and for creating and modifying
individual Kubernetes resources and workloads like "kubectl create" and "delete".
Retrieve information on the state of resources.
Like when you use the "describe pod" command or "describe deployment" in general you can access the Kubernetes Web UI at "https:///ui"
If you cannot access it, for instance, if it's not enabled on your deploy type
you can install it manually using the "kubectl create" and then using the YAML file
straight from the Kubernetes repository.
If a password is asked, you can retrieve the password by entering "kubectl config view".
If you are using minikube, you can use the following command to launch dashboard, "minikube dashboard"
is going to open in your browser and it will go straight to the URL.
If you just want to know your URL, you can use, "minikube dashboard --url"
and then you can copy and paste it yourself in the browser that you want it.
In the next demo, I will briefly show you around the web UI.